A group of friends would like to order delivery from a restaurant to meet at one of the group members house. They know that it takes some time for food to be made and delivered or collected. For the purposes of this story, we will only discuss delivery options. All of these friends are big eaters, so sharing food isn't an option or consideration, in some cases members of this group will be ordering multiple entrees. 
The group chat has already settled on the takeaway of choice, so the host of the group initiates a group through our takeaway delivery app, setting the delivery location and starting their order. They then "share" this order with the group chat, allowing other members to peruse the menu of the takeaway they are ordering from, this feature allows people to add to the order without having to hassle over the phone or text, it also makes sure that everyone gets exactly what they want. As each member of the group orders, the group chat gets updated while urging more absent minded members of the group to get the order in so it will arrive in time. 
Once the order is finalised, each member of the group is charged the requisite amount for their food, plus the portion of any additional provider, delivery, and tip fees, ensuring that the host isn't unduly burdened with the cost of these additional fees.
Once the food is paid for, the dreaded making/delivery timer starts. As this is a group order, everyone gets to see how far away the food is, instead of just the host. Gone are the days of the host being hassled with "how long until the food's here". While the food is being made and packaged, a single persons food will be grouped together and labelled, allowing for distribution later on to be much more efficient. Users can even select to have their food bagged individually to make this even easier. 
Finally, the food delivery person arrives. Everyone is delighted, they've paid an appropriate portion, they've ordered the food they've wanted, and it has arrived, neatly separated by person who has ordered. Crucially, there have been no fights over who ordered and paid for what, the delivery app clearly states this, and the food packaging labelling makes this clear as well, allowing users to pinpoint more easily if anything is missing for the restaurant to resolve easily. 

